you are searching in a padded podium
unusual but tantalizing then I can
give you some bad ideas
I have a simple tome for you
prepared with a combination of
very curious ingredients then you are
ready for a taste explosion
enclosed in a single sandwich we see the
recipe to prepare them the sandwich is the
tuna we need 130 grams of
bread 80 g of tuna in oil drained
80 g of greek yogurt a tablespoon of
capers a bunch of fresh rocket 30
g grated carrots 50 g of sauce
guacamole 50 g of prawns and a
teaspoon of oregano
then I got him a giant sandwich and
I divided it into three parts, but see
you can choose any type of bread
wholegrain rye what you like
more or even fabio at home better
even now we are going to bring it in
oven at about 180 degrees for 5 6 minutes
until the bread toasts in the oven
we do have the shrimp we have
put to boil some water we dip
shrimp and we cook them about 2 3
minutes we drained the gambers now
let's proceed with the filling of the first
layer of our simple self vi
I recommend mixing Greek yogurt
with the tuna in oil his show side
to reduce calories even more you can
replace tuna in oil
naturally with natural tuna e
meanwhile we mix naturally
removed the bread from the batch state oven
also left to assault we join the
let's think of tuna, let's call it that
we save on the first layer of bread
we think, however, a little bit there
will serve as the last layer adhesive
we give good
we also put some capers
and I don't have some rocket leaves
I add salt because we already find the
tuna which is salty defense and now
let's proceed with the second layer for the
second layer I children suggest one
very special avocado sauce la
guacamole sauce then you will find
naturally the overlay link
even at the end of the video so maybe
if you can consult the recipe it is a lot
simple we crushed the lawyer
then we added garlic coriander
black pepper and pieces of tomato
we also add our julienne of
carrots the prawns I added salt
pepper or nothing because I like the
shrimp influence in this case
a bit of oregano and this is the second
layer of our sandwich we are
take the third dough then the
we turn it over and here we put ourselves
a neck sauce that we put forward
before we will serve as a glue and
Now let's compose the simple first
layer second tear and it was
slightly we do a little and this
our super sandwich at the top
call it pure sandwich
anglosassone or tramezzino
Italian style if you prefer
the fact is that this super sandwich
stuffed and people what we need
to tease the palate and awaken the
our senses